#Processes for the MagAO-X RTC
#process-ID    Executable
isRTC          xindiserver
holoop         cacaoInterface
hogainctrl     userGainCtrl
wloop          cacaoInterface
wgainctrl      userGainCtrl
camwfs         ocam2KCtrl
camwfs-dark    shmimIntegrator
camwfs-sw      streamWriter
#camwfs-slopes  pwfsSlopeCalc
camwfs-avg     shmimIntegrator
camwfs-fit     pupilFit
camwfs-align   alignLoop
camwfs-refrms  refRMS
camwfs-refsub-avg shmimIntegrator
camsci1RTC-sw  streamWriter
camsci2RTC-sw  streamWriter
camlowfsRTC-sw streamWriter
camtipRTC-sw   streamWriter
fxngensync     siglentSDG
fxngenmodwfs   siglentSDG
modwfs         ttmModulator
dmtweeter      bmcCtrl
dmtweeter-avg  shmimIntegrator
rhtweeter      rhusbMon
tweeterSpeck   dmSpeckle
tweeterModes   dmMode
dmwoofer       alpaoCtrl
dmwoofer-avg   shmimIntegrator
wooferModes    dmMode
t2wOffloader   t2wOffloader
w2tcsOffloader w2tcsOffloader
mzmqServerRTC  mzmqServer
mzmqServerRTCcamwfs mzmqServer
mzmqServerRTCpsds mzmqServer
mzmqServerRTC_calib mzmqServer
rtc_icc_indi   sshDigger
rtc_aoc_indi   sshDigger
rtc_icc_istcsi sshDigger
ttmpupil       pi335Ctrl
#sysMonRTC      sysMonitor
#turbsim       acesxeCtrl
stageff  zaberCtrl
zaberLLRTC    zaberLowLevel
aol1_modevalPSDs modalPSDs
aol1_modevalWFS_cbuff streamCircBuff
#aol1_modevalDM_cbuff streamCircBuff

hoPredCtrl hoPredCtrl

ttmperi    kcubeCtrl
camtip     baslerCtrl
camtip-sw  streamWriter
camacq     baslerCtrl
camacq-sw  streamWriter
flipacq    flipperCtrl
flipwfsf   flipperCtrl
fliptip    flipperCtrl
fwtelsim   hsfwCtrl
usbdu0     acronameUsbHub

dm00disp-sw streamWriter
dm00disp01-sw streamWriter
dm00disp03-sw streamWriter
dm01disp-sw streamWriter
dm01disp03-sw streamWriter

dbIngestRTC        dbIngest