#Processes for the MagAO-X ICC
#process-ID    Executable
isICC          xindiserver
#isICCTest      xindiserver
#isTCSI         xindiserver
#icc_icc_istcsi sshDigger
camsci1        picamCtrl
camsci1-dark   shmimIntegrator
camsci1-sw      streamWriter
camsci1-avg    shmimIntegrator
camsci2        picamCtrl
camsci2-dark   shmimIntegrator
camsci2-sw      streamWriter
camsci2-avg    shmimIntegrator
camlowfs       pvcamCtrl
camlowfs-dark  shmimIntegrator
camlowfs-sw     streamWriter
camlowfs-avg shmimIntegrator
#fliptip        flipperCtrl
#camtip         baslerCtrl
#camtip-sw      streamWriter
#flipwfsf       flipperCtrl
#flipacq        flipperCtrl
#camacq         baslerCtrl
#camacq-sw      streamWriter
fwpupil        filterWheelCtrl
fwfpm          filterWheelCtrl
fwlyot	       filterWheelCtrl
fwlowfs        filterWheelCtrl
fwsci1         filterWheelCtrl
fwsci2         filterWheelCtrl
fwscind        hsfwCtrl
#fwtelsim       hsfwCtrl
zaberLowLevel  zaberLowLevel
stagelowfs     zaberCtrl
stagesci1      zaberCtrl
stagesci2      zaberCtrl
stagescibs     zaberCtrl
stagelosel     zaberCtrl
stagebs        zaberCtrl
stagepiaa1     zaberCtrl
stagepiaa2     zaberCtrl
stagek         smc100ccCtrl
stageadc1      smc100ccCtrl
stageadc2      smc100ccCtrl
stagepickoff   smc100ccCtrl
stagecamlensx  smc100ccCtrl
stagecamlensy  smc100ccCtrl
picomotors     picoMotorCtrl
xt1121_1       xt1121Ctrl
xt1121_2       xt1121Ctrl
dcdu0          xt1121DCDU
dcdu1          xt1121DCDU
#usbdu0         acronameUsbHub
usbdu1         acronameUsbHub
dmncpc         bmcCtrl
rhncpc         rhusbMon
ncpcModes      dmMode
mzmqServerICC  mzmqServer
mzmqServerICC_calib mzmqServer
icc_aoc_indi   sshDigger
icc_rtc_indi   sshDigger
sysMonICC      sysMonitor
temprack       usbtempMon
instCool       koolanceCtrl
loloop         cacaoInterface
logainctrl     userGainCtrl
#tcsi           tcsInterface
camvisx        visxCtrl
camngws         baslerCtrl
coralign       coralign
camsci1-tweeteralign  dmPokeCenter

